{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red26\green26\blue26;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\csgray\c0\c0;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh9700\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 README\
\
The files provided within this .zip file are meant to reproduce the tables and figures included in the article \cf2 "\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How to Get Coal Country to Vote for Climate Policy: The Effect of a \'91Just Transition Agreement\'92 on Spanish Election Results\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 " by Diane Bolet, Fergus Green and Mikel Gonz\'e1lez-Eguino in the APSR. \
\
Figure 1 and Figure B.1 were conducted in R. The rest of the analysis is conducted using Stata 17. \
\

\f1\b Content of the files\

\f0\b0      \'93README.rtf\'94 contains the content of the files and how to replicate the Tables and Figures. 
\f1\b \
    
\f0\b0  \'93Supplemental_Material.pdf\'94 is the Online Appendix.
\f1\b \
   
\f0\b0   \'932008.dta\'94 contains relevant variables for the year 2008 to Tables, 1, 2, C.1, C.3, E.2, and E.3.\
     \'932008c.dta\'94 contains relevant variables for the year 2008 to prepare Table E.5. \
     \'932011.dta\'94 contains relevant variables for the year 2011 to prepare Tables, 1, 2, C.1, C.3, E.2, and E.3. \
     \'932015.dta\'94 contains relevant variables for the year 2015 to prepare Tables, 1, 2, C.1, C.3, E.2, and E.3.  \
     \'932015e.dta\'94 contains relevant variables for the year 2015 to prepare Table D.1.\
     \'932016_turnout_podemos.dta\'94 contains relevant variables for the year 2016 to prepare Table E.4.\
     \'932016.dta\'94 contains relevant variables for the year 2016 to prepare Tables, 1, 2, C.1, C.3, E.2, and E.3. \
     \'932016elecciones.xlsx\'94 contains relevant variables to prepare Figure 1. \
     \'932016lagged.dta\'94 contains relevant variables for the year 2016 to prepare Table E.2.\
     \'932019_turnout_podemos.dta\'94 contains relevant variables for the year 2019 to prepare Table E.4.\
     \'932019.dta\'94 contains relevant variables for the year 2019 to prepare Tables, 1, 2, C.1, C.3, E.2, and E.3. \
     \'932019elecciones.xlsx\'94 contains relevant variables to prepare Figure 1.\
     \'93age_population.dta\'94 contains relevant variables to prepare Tables, 1, 2, C.1, C.3, E.2 and E.3. \
     \'93age.dta\'94 contains the relevant variables to prepare Table D.1. \
     \'93appendix.do\'94 contains the Stata commands that allow to replicate all the findings presented in the appendix. \
     \'93articles_full.xlsx\'94 contains relevant variables to prepare Figure B.1. \
     \'93coalmines.dta\'94 contains relevant variables to prepare Figures D.1 and F.1, and Tables D.1 and F.1. \
     "codebook.xlsx" contains the variable names in the datasets that correspond to the main variables in the paper and appendix.\
     \'93distance_closure_coalmines.dta\'94 contains relevant variables to prepare Table E.5. \
     \'93education.dta\'94 contains relevant variables to prepare Tables, 1, 2, C.1, C.3, E.2. and E.3. \
     \'93education1.dta\'94 contains relevant variables to prepare Table D.1.  \
     \'93ESP_adm4.shp\'94 is the shapefile of Spain that is needed to prepare Figure 1. \
     \'93Ethical Approval_BC3.pdf\'94 and \'93Ethical Approval_Durham.pdf\'94 are the certificates of ethical approval. \
     \'93figure_B.1.R\'94 contains the R commands that allow to replicate Figure B.1. \
     \'93figure1.R\'94 contains the R commands that allow to replicate Figure 1. \
     \'93main_analysis.do\'94 contains the Stata commands that allow to replicate all the findings presented in  the manuscript. \
     \'93miners.dta\'94 contains relevant variables to prepare Tables 2 and C.1. \
     \'93unemployment.dta\'94 contains relevant variables to prepare Table D.1.  \
     \'93unemployment2016.dta\'94 contains relevant variables to prepare Table E.2.\
     \'93unemploymentgrowth.dta\'94 contains relevant variables to prepare Tables, 1, 2, C.1, C.3, and E.3.   \
     \'93votediff.dta\'94 contains relevant variables to prepare Figures D.1 and F.1, and Tables D.1 and F.1.\
         \

\f1\b Analysis\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \cb4 1. Please execute the \cf0 \cb1 \'93figure1.R\'94 first to replicate Figure 1.\cf2 \cb4  \cf0 \cb1 When uploading the main shp and xlsx files, be sure to set your working directory. \cf2 \cb4 \

\f1\b \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0\b0 \cf2 \cb4 2. Run the \'93main_analysis.do\'94 file to replicate Tables 1 and 2 in the main paper. \cf0 \cb1 You should download the electoral and census data from the .dta files and proceed with the analysis. When uploading the main dta files, be sure to replace "$" with your working directory. The tables for the analysis are generated in Excel.\cf2 \cb4 \
\
3. Run the \cf0 \cb1 \'93appendix.do\'94 file to replicate all tables and figures in the appendix.\cf2 \cb4  \cf0 \cb1 You should download the electoral and census data from the .dta files and proceed with the analysis. When uploading the main dta files, be sure to replace "$" with your working directory. The tables for the analysis are generated in Excel. The coefficient results might slightly vary for the spatial models (Table E.5) but will not change any substantial findings (i.e. significance and size). \
\
4. Run the \'93figure_B.1.R\'94 file to replicate Figure B.1 in the appendix. When uploading the main xlsx files, be sure to set your working directory. \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5406\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
}